1. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
2. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
3. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
4. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
5. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
6. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
7. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
8. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
9. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Gary Player
10. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett

11. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
12. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
13. "Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
14. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
15. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
16. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
17. "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
18. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
19. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
20. "The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis

21. "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
22. "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein
23. "The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph." - Unknown
24. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
25. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
26. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
27. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
28. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
29. "Success is not in what you have, but who you are." - Bo Bennett
30. "Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland

31. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
32. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
33. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
34. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
35. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
36. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
37. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
38. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
39. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Gary Player
40. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett

41. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
42. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
43. "Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
44. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
45. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
46. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
47. "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
48. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
49. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
50. "The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis

51. "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
52. "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein
53. "The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph." - Unknown
54. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
55. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
56. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
57. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
58. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
59. "Success is not in what you have, but who you are." - Bo Bennett
60. "Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland

61. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
62. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
63. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
64. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
65. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
66. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
67. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
68. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
69. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Gary Player
70. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett

71. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
72. "You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
73. "Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland
74. "The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
75. "The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
76. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
77. "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
78. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
79. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
80. "The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis

81. "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
82. "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else." - Albert Einstein
83. "The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph." - Unknown
84. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
85. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
86. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
87. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
88. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
89. "Success is not in what you have, but who you are." - Bo Bennett
90. "Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." - Chantal Sutherland

91. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
92. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
93. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
94. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
95. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
96. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
97. "Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
98. "The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
99. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Gary Player
100. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
